lite/Random.hpp
    This header file contains a collection of functions for generating random numbers, characters, and vectors.
    Functions
        GRN (Generate Random Number)
            Generates a random integer within the specified range using Mersenne Twister algorithm.
            parameter start The lower bound of the range (inclusive).
            parameter end The upper bound of the range (inclusive).
            parameterreturn A random integer between start and end (inclusive).
        SES (Simple Shift Encryption)
            Encrypts a string by shifting all characters by a randomly generated key.
            parameter input The input string to be encrypted.
            parameter start The lower bound for the random shift key (inclusive).
            parameter end The upper bound for the random shift key (inclusive).
            parameter shift_key_container A vector to store the generated shift key.
        SEC (Simple Shift Encryption Complex)
            Encrypts a string by shifting each character by a different randomly generated key.
            parameter input The input string to be encrypted.
            parameter start The lower bound for the random shift keys (inclusive).
            parameter end The upper bound for the random shift keys (inclusive).
            parameter shift_key_container A vector to store the generated shift keys for each character.
        GRC (Generate Random Printable ASCII Character)
            Generates a random printable ASCII character.
            parameterreturn A random character in the range of printable ASCII character (32 to 126).
        GRV (Generate Random Vector)
            Generates a vector of random integers within the specified range.
            parameter ele_num The number of elements in the vector.
            parameter start The lower bound of the range (inclusive).
            parameter end The upper bound of the range (inclusive).
            parameterreturn A vector containing ele_num random integers between start and end (inclusive).
        GRCV (Generate 2D Vector)
            Generates a 2D vector of random integers within the specified range.
            parameter vec_num The number of vectors in the 2D vector.
            parameter ele_num The number of elements in each vector.
            parameter start The lower bound of the range (inclusive).
            parameter end The upper bound of the range (inclusive).
        GRC2DV (Generate 2D Vector)
            Generates a 2D vector of random printable ASCII characters.
            parameterreturn A 2D vector containing random characters in the range of printable ASCII characters.
        GRC3DV (Generate 3D Vector)
            Generates a 3D vector of random printable ASCII characters.
            parameterreturn A 3D vector containing random characters in the range of printable ASCII characters.
